---
title: Master of Science in Mathematics
link: "https://offertaformativa.unitn.it/it/lm/matematica"
---

The Department of Mathematics promotes the Master of Science in Mathematics (Corso di Laurea Magistrale in Matematica), belonging to the class "LM-40 - Matematica". The Master of Science in Mathematics is aimed at providing an in-depth knowledge and understanding of several areas of advanced Mathematics, and of its relations to other Sciences. Courses of the Master of Science in Mathematics are taught in English. The course is divided into curricula, which in turn are subdivided into tracks. 

The main track heavily related to our laboratory is:
- **Track: Mathematics for Biology and Medicine**
   
The goal of the track is to provide students with the ideal toolbox to design, implement, and apply mathematical and statistical models to problems arising in biology, ecology, epidemiology, molecular networks and medicine. To do so, students will develop solid skills in mathematical modeling, statistics, scientific computing, differential equations, continuum mechanics, and numerical analysis. Unique features of this track are the possibility to do an internship and to interact with clinical research in hospitals, universities, research centers, and companies in Italy and abroad. The skills acquired in the field of modelling and statistics form a solid basis for a PhD in applied mathematics or biomedical sciences and are also highly valued in companies, especially in the pharmaceutical sector.

There is also a second track that is connected to our laboratory, as it relates more broadly to data science. The track is called **Mathematics for Data Science**. Students from this track have the opportunity to learn the latest mathematical and statistical methodologies for the study of theoretical aspects of machine learning and data science. These are necessary for the modelling of real-world phenomena and for the analysis of high dimensional and complex data sets in various application areas, including biology and medicine. Such competences will provide students the possibility to continue their studies with a PhD in Statistics or Data Science.